h1. RM Online

This is the front end for "www.rmonlne.com":www.rmonlne.com. It makes API calls to Horus for company data maintained by Alan Douglass over http/xml. We handle the shopping cart, checkout is handled by Horus via SagePay.

h2. Development stack

* Framework: Node.js / "Express":http://expressjs.com
* View Templates: "Jade":http://jade-lang.com
* Stylesheets: "Stylus":http://learnboost.github.io/stylus/
* Testing Framework: "Cucumber.js":https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js
* Front-end Framework: "Purecss.io":Purecss.io
* Build system: "Grunt":http://gruntjs.com
* Project template: Evolved from "Yeoman":http://yeoman.io

h2. Getting Started

# Install NodeJS
# @$npm install@
# Start server with @$grunt@

h2. Deploy

The site is hosted on "Heroku":rmonline.herokuapp.com
Pushing to the Github remote will trigger CI from "Codeship.io":https://www.codeship.io/projects/20280 and a deployment to Heroku.

h2. Asset processing

Check the Gruntfile but file changes cause live reload (you'll need a browser plugin) and:

* Stylus /src files -> Autoprefixer
* Assets auto concatenated at (main|vendor).min.(js|css)

h2. Tests

Run the acceptance tests before you check in

# Start server with @$NODE_ENV=test grunt@
# @$cucumber.js features@

h2. Relish

Sign off your story by documenting the acceptance tests in Cukes. Once you're happy and you pushed the story to staging:

 @$relish push rm-online@

This pushes the feature files up to our "relish account":https://www.relishapp.com/msp/rm-online/docs.

